Fix crashing errors in iOS (#758)
opentok/opentok-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

# 2.27.6  (June 2024)

> - [Fix]: This version fixes some iOS crashes that were introduced in version 2.275

Reviewer: Typo error: it should be 2.27.5

> - [Fix]: This version fixes some iOS crashes that were introduced in version 2.275

Author: ```suggestion
- [Fix]: This version fixes some iOS crashes that were introduced in version 2.27.5.
```

> - [Fix]: This version fixes some iOS crashes that were introduced in version 2.27.5.

Author: ```suggestion
- [Fix]: This version fixes some iOS crashes that were introduced in version 2.27.5. Fixes issue #757.
```
